hi I'm Chris Morley with Vox
technologies I have a question for you
when it comes to your workflow do you
find yourself more often than not
waiting instead of creating and by
waiting I mean actually losing valuable
work hours waiting for your work to
render doesn't matter if it's detailed
graphics product design 3d animation or
photorealistic architectural shots
waiting for your work to render cost
time money its slows productivity and
that affects your profits at box we
understand this critical workflow
roadblock and that's why we design
solutions that keep you creating and not
waiting large firms perhaps your
competition no especially your
competition had the advantage of a
render farm tons of CPU cores they can
throw it off loading their
computationally intensive tasks but if
you've done your research and I'm sure
you have you know that render forms are
expensive they take up costly square
footage and they take up most of your IT
staff time so what's the solution for
anybody who needs the power of a render
farm but can do without the cost and
complexity it's right here
this is render pro it's the only
personal rendering and simulation
solution designed to sit on top of your
desk the compact and quiet render pro
rendering and simulation solution is
custom designed by box engineers that
under seven inches wide 20 inches long
and three and a half inches high the
render pro fits perfectly in your
workspace or on top of select box
workstations render pro is a complete
computer powered by dual Intel Xeon z--
and lots of memory all dedicated 100% to
handling your rendering and simulation
work amazingly quiet the cool running
render pro is expertly engineered for
maximum stability under the most
demanding loads cool air is drawn in
from the front of the module through its
filtered grille it travels over the
heatsink of the first processor over the
heatsink of the second
and is exhausted at the back it's also
surprisingly mobile in fact render pro
is the perfect sidekick for mobile
workstation some of our customers use
their render pro at both work and at
home since it's easy to transport and
set up you can set the render pro on top
of select workstations or even stack
multiple units on top of one another for
a real powerhouse render farm if you're
waiting for your work to render waiting
in line for the company render farm or
need rendering performance at work on
the road or at home this is your
solution save time save money increase
productivity and increase profit render
pro is the personal render farm you've
been waiting for